RHIDP-7849 Added existing modules to _Setting up and configuring your first instance_ (#1267)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configuring/proc-using-the-operator-to-run-rhdh-with-your-custom-configuration-in-getting-started-context.adoc

[id="using-the-operator-to-run-rhdh-with-your-custom-configuration"]
= Using the {product} Operator to run {product-short} with your custom configuration

To use the {product-short} Operator to run {product} with your custom configuration, create your {product-custom-resource-type} custom resource (CR) that:

* Mounts files provisioned in your custom config maps.
* Injects environment variables provisioned in your custom secrets.

.Prerequisites

> * By using the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-version}/html-single/cli_tools/index#cli-about-cli_cli-developer-commands[{openshift-cli}], you have access, with developer permissions, to the {ocp-short} cluster aimed at containing your {product-short} instance.

Author: This would remove an important piece of information : you have access with the CLI (not with the web console).

> * By using the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-version}/html-single/cli_tools/index#cli-about-cli_cli-developer-commands[{openshift-cli}], you have access, with developer permissions, to the {ocp-short} cluster aimed at containing your {product-short} instance.

Reviewer: I see. Is there another way to rewrite it so that the prerequisites match (in this case they should all start with "You...").

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="proc-configuring-an-rhdh-instance-with-tls-in-kubernetes_{context}"]
[id="using-the-operator-to-run-rhdh-with-your-custom-configuration"]
= Using the {product} Operator to run {product-short} with your custom configuration

> To use the {product-short} Operator to run {product} with your custom configuration, create your {product-custom-resource-type} custom resource (CR) that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the {product-short} Operator to run {product} with your custom configuration by creating your {product-custom-resource-type} custom resource (CR) that can perform the following actions:
```

> * Mounts files provisioned in your custom config maps.
> * Injects environment variables provisioned in your custom secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mount files provisioned in your custom config maps.
* Inject environment variables provisioned in your custom secrets.
```
